Add doc about how to work around missing metric expiry. (#8948)
istio/istio.io: content/en/faq/metrics-and-logs/telemetry-v1-vs-v2.md

* **No metric expiration for short-lived metrics**
  Mixer-based telemetry supported metric expiration whereby metrics which were
  not generated for a configurable amount of time were de-registered for

>   collection by Prometheus. This is useful in scenarios where short-lived metrics
>   only surface for a short amount of time, and de-registering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  collection by Prometheus. This is useful in scenarios, such as one-off jobs, that generate short-lived metrics. De-registering
```
